Hi, everyone, and this lecture, we're going to talk about the array for each method.
All right, so let's say we have an array of birth songs of all time and that array actually has enough
objects as items inside of it, so.
We have an artist and we have his song and we have one, two, three, four, five and six, so we have
six items within this array so we can use a regular for loops for this.
But I want to talk about the higher order methods, and this time I want to talk about the four each.
So we are going to grab our array of best songs and we are going to say for each and now the name suggests
OK, suggests it all.
It says for each.
So for each of the items within this array, I want to do a specific thing.
What is that specific thing?
I want to run it if callback function.
Right.
So it says performs the specified even though this even this says the same thing, performs the specified
action for each element in an array for each of them.
I want to do a specific thing.
So this is going to be best song.
This is our argument.
OK, sorry, this is our parameter.
We're going to use an arrow function.
You could put that inside parentheses or not.
It doesn't really matter.
And I want to say cancel that log.
Best song.
So let's open this up to inspect, and if I save it, we are going to get all the iterations of that
so you can do this with regular for a loop and like five, six lines, but you can do this with one
line of four each.
So it is going you can see that the code for murder has put parentheses around this function parameter.
So we have a function parameter and we what do we want this function to do?
We want this function to print to the console the for each variable or the function parameter itself.
OK, and then we get this.
So this is on each iteration.
We are going to grab one of these and we are going to get six iterations.
That's why why we are we have six artists in here.
All right.
So that's it.
Very short method.
But the reason that I'm not explaining more is because we have talked a lot about the for each right.
And this is really simple.
It just loops over this array, all the items inside the array.
And each time it grabs one of the items, it does something because there are six items.
It did that thing six times.
That's basically the whole premise of this foreach.
See you guys in the next lecture.